( methodical squeaking )
WHOA!
( heavy thud )
SEE, JOE, THAT'S WHY
YOUR PARENTS TOLD YOU
NOT TO JUMP ON THE BED.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO ♪
HEY, LOOK AT ME.
I'M MAKING JAM.
BEEN AT IT SINCE
4:00 THIS MORNING.
WHERE'D YOU GET FRUIT
AT 4:00 IN THE MORNING?
THE DOCKS.
BET YOU DIDN'T KNOW
YOU CAN GET IT WHOLESALE.
I DIDN'T KNOW THERE WERE DOCKS.
HEY.
IS IT BROKEN?
NO, BUT I GOT TO WEAR THIS
A COUPLE OF WEEKS.
DID YOU TELL
THE DOCTOR
YOU DID IT JUMPING
ON YOUR BED?
NO. I HAD A WHOLE STORY
WORKED OUT, BUT THEN...
CHANDLER SOLD ME OUT.
I'M SORRY, JOE.
I DIDN'T THINK
THE DOCTOR WAS GOING TO BUY
THAT IT JUST FELL
OUT OF THE SOCKET.
WHAT IS THIS?
FRUIT?
MONICA'S MAKING JAM.
WHOA. JAM?
I LOVE JAM.
HOW COME WE NEVER
HAVE JAM AT OUR PLACE?
BECAUSE THE KIDS
NEED NEW SHOES.
I'M GOING INTO BUSINESS, PEOPLE.
I'M SICK AND TIRED OF BEING
DEPRESSED ABOUT RICHARD.
I NEEDED A PLAN-- A PLAN
TO GET OVER MY MAN
AND WHAT'S THE OPPOSITE
OF "MAN"? JAM.
OH, JOEY, DON'T.
IT'S WAY TOO HOT.
( spitting )
THIS WILL JUST BE MY BATCH.
UM, THAT'S IT. NO.
HEY, YOU, J. CREW GUY.
YEAH. WHY HAVE YOU
BEEN FOLLOWING ME?
ALL WEEK LONG, EVERYWHERE
I LOOK, THERE'S YOU.
YOU WOULDN'T
RETURN MY CALLS.
YOU SENT BACK MY LETTERS.
WHAT?
ONE MORE CHANCE,
URSULA, PLEASE.
OH... OH.
OH, WELL, THIS IS AWKWARD.
WHAT?
YEAH, 'CAUSE YOU WANT URSULA
AND I'M PHOEBE. TWIN SISTERS.
SERIOUSLY.
OH, THAT'S GREAT.
I'M STALKING THE WRONG WOMAN.
I AM SUCH A DINGUS.
YOU'RE NOT A DINGUS.
I JUST... I WANT
YOU TO KNOW
I DIDN'T USED TO
BE LIKE THIS.
BEFORE I MET YOUR SISTER
I WAS THIS NORMAL GUY
WHO SOLD BEEPERS
AND CELLULAR PHONES.
WELL...
I MEAN, LOOK, IT'S...
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT, YOU KNOW.
I MEAN, THIS IS JUST...
THIS IS WHAT
SHE DOES TO GUYS, OKAY?
JUST...
WELL, THANKS.
WAIT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I GOT A LITTLE STORY.
WHEN I WAS
IN JUNIOR HIGH
I THOUGHT I WAS A WITCH
AND THERE WAS
THIS GUIDANCE COUNSELOR
WHO SAID SOMETHING TO ME
THAT I THINK
WILL HELP YOU A LOT.
HE SAID, "OKAY,
YOU'RE NOT A WITCH.
YOU'RE JUST
AN AVERAGE STUDENT."
SEE WHAT I'M SAYING?
NOT REALLY.
WELL, GET OVER IT.
SO. I MEAN, YOU SEEM
LIKE A REALLY NICE GUY
YOU KNOW. I JUST...
DON'T BE SO HARD
ON YOURSELF, OKAY?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I KNOW YOU'RE RIGHT.
AND THANKS FOR
BEING SO NICE.
HERE.
THANKS A LOT.
DO YOU WANT TO GET
A CUP OF COFFEE, OR..?
YEAH, OKAY.
OKAY.
OKAY. YOU DON'T HAVE
TO WALK BEHIND ME ANYMORE.
SORRY.
MON?
"GONE FOR MORE JARS.
BACK LATER.
MONICA GELLER."
WAIT A MINUTE. LOOK.
WHAT?
LOOK, LOOK, LOOK.
WHAT, WHAT, WHAT?
IT'S AN EMPTY APARTMENT.
WE'RE ALL ALONE IN
AN EMPTY APARTMENT.
OH, HONEY, COME ON.
I HAVE TO BE AT WORK
IN LIKE TEN MINUTES
AND, OHH... ALL RIGHT.
WELL, IT'S NOT LIKE
I'M EMPLOYEE OF THE YEAR
OR ANYTHING.
( door slams )
OH.
THERE IT IS.
OH, THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
HEY.
DO I LOOK FAT?
NO.
OKAY.
I ACCEPT THAT.
WHEN JANICE ASKED ME,
AND I SAID NO
SHE TOOK THAT TO MEAN
THAT I WAS CALLING HER A COW.
OKAY, WALK US
THROUGH IT, HONEY.
WALK US THROUGH IT.
OKAY. WELL, JANICE SAID
"HI. DO I LOOK FAT TODAY?"
AND I LOOKED AT HER.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
YOU LOOKED AT HER?
YOU NEVER LOOK.
MM-MMM.
YOU JUST ANSWER.
IT'S LIKE REFLEX.
DO I LOOK FAT? NO.
IS SHE PRETTIER
THAN I AM? NO.
DOES SIZE MATTER?
NO.
AND IT WORKS
BOTH WAYS.
OKAY, SO YOU BOTH
JUST... KNOW THIS STUFF?
YOU KNOW, AFTER
ABOUT 30 OR 40 FIGHTS
YOU KIND OF CATCH ON.
OKAY. FOR INSTANCE.
LET'S SAY...
JANICE IS COMING
BACK FROM A TRIP
AND SHE GIVES YOU
TWO OPTIONS.
OPTION NUMBER ONE--
SHE'LL TAKE A CAB
HOME FROM THE AIRPORT,
OR OPTION NUMBER TWO--
YOU CAN MEET HER
AT BAGGAGE CLAIM.
WHAT DO YOU DO?
EASY. BAGGAGE CLAIM.
BZZZ. WRONG.
NOW YOU'RE SINGLE.
IT'S ACTUALLY SECRET
OPTION NUMBER THREE.
YOU MEET HER AT THE GATE.
THAT WAY, SHE
KNOWS YOU LOVE HER.
OKAY, THIS IS GOOD.
THIS IS GOOD.
ALL RIGHT. LISTEN. I HAVE ONE.
JANICE LIKES TO CUDDLE.
AT NIGHT-- WHICH,
YOU KNOW, I'M ALL FOR
BUT WHEN YOU WANT TO GO
TO SLEEP, YOU WANT SOME SPACE.
SO, HOW DO I TELL HER THAT
WITHOUT, YOU KNOW
ACCIDENTALLY CALLING HER FAT
OR SOMETHING?
OH, HONEY, I'M SORRY.
WE CAN'T HELP YOU THERE
BECAUSE WE'RE
CUDDLY SLEEPERS.
OKAY, I'M
LATE FOR WORK.
ARE YOU GUYS GOING
TO COME DOWN?
YEAH, YEAH.
I'M RIGHT
BEHIND YOU.
GOOD LUCK, CHANDLER.
THANK YOU,
RACHEL.
BYE, SWEETIE.
BYE, HONEY.
OKAY, THE SLEEPING THING.
VERY TRICKY BUSINESS
BUT THERE IS
SOMETHING YOU CAN DO.
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
WERE CUDDLY.
NO.
NO. NOT CUDDLY.
NOT ME, JUST HER.
I'M LIKE YOU-- I NEED THE ROOM.
OKAY, COME HERE.
OKAY. YOU'RE IN BED.
YEAH.
I'LL USE THE CUSHION.
OKAY. YOU'RE IN BED.
SHE'S OVER ON YOUR
SIDE-- CUDDLING.
NOW, YOU WAIT FOR HER
TO DRIFT OFF, AND
THEN YOU HUG HER
AND ROLL HER OVER TO
HER SIDE OF THE BED
AND THEN YOU...
ROLL AWAY.
HUG FOR HER...
ROLL FOR YOU.
OKAY.
THE OLD
HUG AND ROLL.
YEAH.
OKAY.
ONE QUESTION.
SHOOT.
YOU'RE PRETENDING
THE PILLOW'S
A GIRL, RIGHT?
REMEMBER WHEN YOU
WERE A KID
AND YOUR MOM WOULD
DROP YOU OFF AT THE MOVIES
WITH A JAR OF JAM
AND A LITTLE SPOON?
YOU'RE SO PRETTY.
HI.
HEY, PHOEBE.
HEY, YOU KNOW THAT GUY
WHO'S BEEN FOLLOWING ME?
I TALKED TO HIM TODAY.
YOU TALKED TO HIM?
ARE YOU CRAZY?
OKAY. FIRST,
I'M NOT CRAZY
AND SECOND, SAY IT,
DON'T SPRAY IT.
ANYWAY, HIS NAME IS MALCOLM
AND HE WASN'T FOLLOWING ME.
I MEAN, HE WAS, BUT JUST 'CAUSE
HE THOUGHT I WAS URSULA, UGH.
AND
THAT'S WHY...
THAT'S WHY HE COULDN'T
JUST COME UP AND TALK TO ME.
'CAUSE OF THE RESTRAINING ORDER.
HMM.
NOT FEELING BETTER
ABOUT MALCOLM.
OH.
NO, NO, NO, HE'S NOT
LIKE A KOOK, NO.
HE'S JUST, LIKE,
THIS VERY PASSIONATE
INCREDIBLY ROMANTIC GUY
THAT JUST GOT, LIKE,
A TEENSY BIT CARRIED AWAY
AND WE JUST GET
ALONG REALLY WELL
AND HE IS SO CUTE.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU'VE GOT A CRUSH
ON YOUR SISTER'S STALKER.
NO.
NO, I'M JUST
GOING TO HELP HIM
YOU KNOW, GET
DE-URSULA-IZED
LIKE I DID FOR JOEY
AFTER HE WENT
OUT WITH HER.
BUT I DIDN'T STALK HER.
OKAY, I ASKED FOR THE NEWS,
NOT THE WEATHER.
HEY, GUYS.
HEY, MON.
HI, MON.
JOEY.
THIS IS FOR YOU.
IT'S BLACKBERRY-CURRANT.
OH!
( moaning ecstatically )
OKAY, JOE,
I GOT TO ASK.
THE GIRL FROM THE
XEROX PLACE, BUCK NAKED
OR A BIG TUB OF JAM?
PUT YOUR HANDS TOGETHER.
JOEY, TAKE YOUR TIME WITH THAT.
THAT'S MY LAST BATCH.
( voice breaking ):
NO MORE JAM?
WELL, WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR JAM PLAN?
I FIGURED OUT I NEED TO
CHARGE 17 BUCKS A JAR
JUST TO BREAK EVEN.
SO, I'VE GOT A NEW PLAN NOW.
BABIES.
YOU'RE GOING TO NEED
MUCH BIGGER JARS.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'M TALKING ABOUT
ME HAVING A BABY.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YEAH. THE
GREAT THING
ABOUT THE JAM PLAN WAS
I WAS TAKING CONTROL OF MY LIFE.
SO I ASKED MYSELF
WHAT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
TO ME IN THE WORLD?
THAT'S WHEN I CAME UP
WITH THE BABY PLAN.
WELL, AREN'T YOU
FORGETTING SOMETHING?
WHAT IS... WHAT IS
THAT GUY'S NAME--
DAD?
NO, LOOK.
IT TOOK ME 28 YEARS
TO FIND ONE MAN
THAT I WANT TO SPEND
MY LIFE WITH.
IF I HAVE TO WAIT
ANOTHER 28 YEARS
THEN I'LL BE 56
BEFORE I CAN HAVE A BABY
AND THAT'S JUST STUPID.
TH-THAT'S WHAT'S STUPID?
I DON'T NEED AN ACTUAL MAN.
JUST A COUPLE
OF HIS BEST SWIMMERS.
AND THERE ARE PLACES
THAT YOU CAN GO
TO GET THAT... STUFF.
DOWN TO THE DOCKS AGAIN?
MM, NIGHT-NIGHT,
BING-A-LING.
NIGHT-NIGHT... JANICE.
LOOK AT ALL THAT ROOM
ON HER SIDE.
YOU COULD FIT A GIANT PENGUIN
OVER THERE.
THAT WOULD BE WEIRD, THOUGH.
OKAY.
HUG-AND-ROLL TIME.
I'M HUGGING. I'M HUGGING.
YOU'RE ROLLING
AND... YES. FREEDOM
EXCEPT FOR THIS ARM.
ARM STUCK. STUCK ARM.
OKAY, TIME FOR THE OLD
TABLECLOTH TRICK.
ONE FLUID MOTION.
QUICK LIKE A CAT,
QUICK LIKE A CAT.
AND ONE... TWO...
THREE.
AND HERE'S
MY BINOCULARS.
OH, GREAT.
YOU'RE DOING GREAT,
YOU KNOW.
REAL STRONG,
GOING STRONG.
KEEP GOING.
THESE ARE MY
NIGHT VISION GOGGLES.
OH.
THIS IS THE BOOK
I PRETEND TO READ
WHEN I'M WATCHING HER
IN THE PARK
AND THESE ARE MAD LIBS.
THEY'RE JUST FOR FUN.
OH, YEAH.
WHAT'S THIS?
OH, THIS IS
THE LOG I KEPT
RECORDING
HER EVERY MOVEMENT.
YOU WANT TO HEAR
SOMETHING FROM IT?
UM, NOT EVEN A LITTLE BIT.
IT'S ABOUT YOU.
OH, OKAY, THEN.
"I MET PHOEBE TODAY.
"SHE IS REALLY NICE TO ME
EVEN THOUGH
I'M SUCH A LOSER"
OH...
"AND THEN, WHEN I
WAS WALKING HOME
"I THOUGHT ABOUT HER A LOT.
IT WAS WEIRD...
BUT KIND OF COOL."
GOOD.
SO WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
I WAS THINKING WHAT
IT'D BE LIKE TO KISS YOU.
REALLY?
NO.
OH.
SEE, THAT'S
JUST SOMETHING
I SAID NOW SO THAT
MAYBE I COULD KISS YOU.
OH, OKAY.
NAH, THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
I JUST HAD
A JAR OF MUSTARD.
OKAY, SPERM DONOR #03815.
COME ON DOWN!
OKAY, 6'2", 170 POUNDS
AND HE DESCRIBES HIMSELF
AS A MALE GEENA DAVIS.
YOU MEAN THERE'S MORE
THAN ONE OF US?
YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
IF YOU DO THIS
I'M GOING TO,
I'M-I'M...
YOU'RE GOING TO WHAT?
I'M GOING TO TELL MOM.
HONEY, I'M SORRY,
BUT HE'S RIGHT.
I LOVE YOU, BUT YOU'RE CRAZY.
CRAZY.
WHY IS THIS CRAZY?
SO THIS ISN'T THE IDEAL
WAY TO DO SOMETHING.
OH, IT'S NOT THE IDEAL...
LIPS MOVING,
STILL TALKING.
I MEAN, IT MAY NOT
BE IDEAL, BUT...
I'M SO READY.
NOW, I SEE THE WAY
BEN LOOKS AT YOU.
IT MAKES ME ACHE,
YOU KNOW?
CHECK IT OUT-- JAM CRACKERS.
OKAY, ALL RIGHT,
HOW'S THIS:
27, ITALIAN-AMERICAN GUY.
HE'S AN ACTOR...
BORN IN QUEENS.
WOW. BIG FAMILY.
SEVEN SISTERS, AND
HE'S THE ONLY...
BOY.
OH, MY GOD.
UNDER PERSONAL COMMENTS--
"NEW YORK KNICKS RULE."
YEAH, THE KNICKS RULE!
JOEY, THIS IS YOU.
LET ME SEE.
OH, RIGHT. YEAH.
WHEN DID YOU GO
TO A SPERM BANK?
AFTER I DID THAT SEX
STUDY DOWN AT N.Y.U.
HEY, REMEMBER
THAT SWEATER
I GAVE YOU
FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY?
AND THAT'S HOW
YOU BOUGHT IT?
NO.
THAT'S WHAT I WAS
WEARING WHEN I DONATED.
I'M KIND OF SURPRISED
THERE'S ANY
OF MY BOYS LEFT.
HONEY, IT IS
PRETTY COMPETITIVE.
I'VE GOT AN ACTUAL
ROCKET SCIENTIST HERE.
MAYBE I SHOULD
CALL THIS PLACE
AND GET THEM TO PUT
MY DAYS OF OUR LIVES
GIG ON HERE.
YOU KNOW, JUICE THIS
PUPPY UP A LITTLE.
( door opens )
HELLO.
All:
HEY.
Ross:
HOW'S THE MANIAC?
OH, HE'S YUMMY.
WE DID A LITTLE KISSIN'.
PHOEBE, WHAT
ARE YOU DOING?
OH, NO, NO, NO.
HE'S NOT
INTO THAT STUFF ANYMORE.
HE QUIT FOR ME.
PHEEBS, THIS GUY HAS BEEN
OBSESSED WITH YOUR SISTER
FOR GOD KNOWS HOW LONG, OKAY?
YOU DON'T JUST GIVE UP
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
LOOK, HE GAVE ME
HIS NIGHT VISION GOGGLES
AND EVERYTHING, SO...
YOU'RE TAKING THE WORD
OF A GUY WHO HAS
NIGHT VISION GOGGLES?
HE'S NOT STILL FOLLOWING HER.
YOU THINK
HE'S STILL FOLLOWING HER?
PHEEBS, WAKE UP AND SMELL
THE RESTRAINING ORDER.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING I SHOULD DO?
I THINK IF YOU
REALLY LIKE THIS GUY
YOU SHOULD
JUST TRUST HIM.
THANK YOU, MONICA.
OR YOU COULD
FOLLOW HIM
AND SEE
WHERE HE GOES.
OH, THAT'S
WHAT I WOULD DO.
FORGET MINE.
Rachel:
OH, MY GOD!
WHAT HAPPENED?
OH, GOD,
CRAZY CHANDLER.
HE SPUN ME OFF THE BED.
WOW!
SPINNING-- THAT SOUNDS LIKE FUN.
OH.
( hyena laugh )
I WISH.
YOU KNOW, HE WAS
JUST TRYING
ROSS' HUG-
AND-ROLL THING.
ROSS' WHAT?
YOU KNOW
LIKE, WHERE HE HUGS YOU
AND THEN HE KIND
OF ROLLS YOU AWAY AND...
OH... MY... GOD.
PHOEBE?
YES? YES! OH!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
OH, I WAS JUST HERE
LOOKING FOR MY, UM...
MY PART OF AN OLD SANDWICH.
HERE IT IS! OH!
WERE YOU FOLLOWING ME?
UM, PERHAPS.
YES.
YES, I'M SORRY. I'M SORRY.
I WAS JUST AFRAID
THAT YOU WERE STILL
HUNG UP ON MY SISTER.
SO YOU SPIED ON ME?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DON'T TRUST ME.
OH, WELL,
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
THERE GOES MY
IDENTICAL TWIN SISTER
JUST WALKING ALONG
LOOKING LIKE ME!
WHAT IS THIS, JUST
A FREAKISH COINCIDENCE
OR DID YOU KNOW
SHE TAKES THIS TRAIN?
I'M SORRY. I'M SORRY.
I TRIED TO STOP,
BUT I COULDN'T.
I'M SO PATHETIC.
NO, NO. IT'S NOT
YOUR FAULT.
IT'S PARTLY MY FAULT
'CAUSE I MADE YOU
QUIT COLD TURKEY.
IT'S TOO HARD,
YOU KNOW?
OKAY, WELL, I MEAN,
I CAN'T DATE YOU ANYMORE
'CAUSE YOU'RE,
YOU KNOW... LIKE, WOW
BUT, UM...
BUT I WILL DEFINITELY,
DEFINITELY HELP YOU
GET OVER MY SISTER, OKAY?
JUST... STALK ME
FOR A WHILE, HUH?
YEAH, AND,
AND, AND...
I'LL BE LIKE
AN URSULA PATCH.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW.
YEAH. JUST, OKAY...
LOOK, I'M GOING.
UM, COME ON.
OOP, OOP,
BEHIND THE PILLAR.
OOH, WHICH WAY
AM I GOING TO GO?
AHHH.
HEY.
WHERE YOU GOING?
TO THE BANK.
SPERM OR REGULAR?
SPERM.
SO YOU'RE REALLY
DOING IT, HUH?
OH, YEAH.
PICKED A GUY--
37135.
HE SOUNDS NICE.
I'D SAY SO.
HE'S GOT BROWN HAIR
AND GREEN EYES.
NO KIDDING. HMM.
WHAT?
I FIGURED YOU WOULD HAVE
PICKED A BLOND GUY.
REALLY? WHY?
I DON'T KNOW.
I ALWAYS PICTURED
YOU ENDING UP
WITH ONE OF THOSE TALL,
SMART, BLOND GUYS
NAMED, LIKE... HOYT.
HOYT?
IT'S A NAME, YEAH.
I SAW YOU
IN THIS, YOU KNOW,
THIS GREAT HOUSE
WITH A BIG POOL...
YEAH? IS HE A SWIMMER?
( chuckles )
HE'S GOT THE BODY FOR IT.
OOH, I LIKE THAT.
( laughing )
WHAT?
YOU GUYS HAVE
ONE OF THOSE
SIGNS THAT SAYS
"WE DON'T SWIM
IN YOUR TOILET
SO DON'T PEE
IN OUR POOL," YOU KNOW.
WE DO NOT HAVE
ONE OF THOSE SIGNS.
SURE YOU DO.
IT WAS A GIFT FROM ME.
OH! AND YOU HAVE
THESE THREE GREAT KIDS.
TWO GIRLS AND A BOY?
YEAH.
AND THEY WEAR THOSE
LITTLE WATER WINGS
YOU KNOW, AND THEY'RE
RUNNING AROUND ON THE DECK
AND THEN, HOYT WRAPS
THIS BIG TOWEL
AROUND ALL THREE OF THEM.
SURE.
BUT, HEY, YOU KNOW
THIS WAY SOUNDS GOOD TOO.
YEAH.
OH, MONICA.
WOW! THIS GUY'S
AN ASTRONAUT?
THAT WOULD
HAVE BEEN COOL...
FOR, LIKE, A DAY.
THE SPERM BANK
HASN'T SOLD
A SINGLE UNIT
OF TRIBBIANI.
NOBODY WANTS MY PRODUCT.
I MEAN, I DON'T
GET IT, YOU KNOW?
I MEAN...
MAYBE IF THEY MET ME
IN PERSON...
HONEY, YOU GOT A LITTLE...
THING ON YOUR...
OH!
HERE?
GET IT?
YEAH.
HELLO.
HEY.
UH, CHAN, COULD I TALK
TO YOU FOR A SECOND?
SURE. WHAT'S UP?
JUST ONE ADDITIONAL
RELATIONSHIP THOUGHT--
SOMETHING YOU'RE PROBABLY
ALREADY FAMILIAR WITH
UH... WOMEN TALK.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]